Everyone knows me on YouTube as a nice guy
I am practically the nicest man on the whole planet.
Do not show off or anything.
But I'm a nice guy.
When women refuse me,
I'm not out to carry arms
I raise the hat to greet
I'm respecting you.
I respect you very much
Please live a full life from Donnie.
That's why I'm so cute
But what I respect more than good men,
Like myself by the way,
He is of course beautiful girls.
Right.
Girls can also be beautiful.
So let's go in some examples of nice girls,
Because
I just respect you very much.
Because men are not allowed to find attractive women.
My friend told me that she would suck John Mayer's birthday on her birthday in front of her father,
Because she loves him so much
Himself ..
I said that the girl on Netflix showed that what we were watching was nice
And she answered and told me to see it myself.
You see it's nice here.
It's like it's leaning aside
I realized this when I crossed the border.
Oh ... you love this girl, I'll step aside. Enjoy.
Have a fun time.
My wife becomes ***** when I have a flute as my boyfriend in a game (Fallout4)
Yes, we can meet and go through the project.
It seems easy enough.
We can finish quickly.
This sounds like a wonderful time
You learn a boy with a girl.
Just work on the science project together.
Well, just do not try anything.
I was talking to your girl in the last share and I do not want to interfere in it.
I've been another woman previously, and I do not want to do it all again.
I do not want to do that again.
I saw you staring at the last lot, and I do not think you should go.
And you do this if you have
Girl .
I brought three cakes of honey to the chapter. I was staring because I thought you'd give me one?
Hihihihi
She did not do by the way, obviously she just made sure of this diet
What a nice girl These unattractive people are in an affair. I really feel depressed
When ugly people have permanent relationships, I can not find a decent young boy
Hard to be a nice girl guys
It is really difficult
This girl just wants to be in a relationship
Look at these ugly people
How dare they dare
My friend stayed 4 hours playing these and ignored me. So I corrected his small problem. It
Basically the worst selection game for your girl
Come on it (Fallout 4). She does a great job for him
E
Are you huh? Yes, my sweetheart took a picture with a spoon over your head - why?
To prove that you are at home
OK wait
Set it up
Hmmmmmmm
-What ? - You can take the picture since yesterday
And the first
The food you never know, that's what I'm talking about
Girl
Real bonding is nothing
Not only does it buy anything the guy or anyone says it does not fall on the life of the media
Her friends are very attentive to it
Why not add a timestamp to everyone?
You need to endure but I want to seal the spoon that you put over your head
This is really a guy's fault here and I totally agree with women as I always do
This is
How to solve problems with women on the flowchart method
Do ladies on
Error ?
Yes, ladies never make mistakes. Do women make mistakes? No .... Women never make mistakes. That's right, guys
Women never do ...
Do women kill someone? . Is the woman wrong? Women Never Make a Mistake Do women hit the copyright of your videos?
Women never make mistakes
Because telling you how you feel already in a healthy way is very overrated if you are stubborn and told you that
You leave, please do not leave because I will cut my relationship with you in three minutes. Okay. Consistency, my love
This reminds me of "the 13 reasons." Have you seen it guys or are they 12 reasons? I do not remember
This is the only scene in which the main character tells the man about the rebirths
Go and say no. No, I really want to stay with you, please do not tell me to leave, baby
Go! just leave !
Why not enjoy me. My God. well good. I will leave
why did you leave me?
Hahihaha
I do not even enjoy this. It's experimental tests. I know that I concentrate on Mim seriously I mean I do not ....
We're just having fun here guys, okay, please
We respect women here on this channel. The issue is not laughter
Women are always right All women are queens. We can get comments guys so do not
Misinterpretation of speech by ..
Random articles will choose one comment out of context
Such will be what people think of this video
We found one comment that says this is what boys find attractive in the breast?
It's literally a fat ball on the girl's chest
As if you love me fat on my chest, why do not you love me because of fat on my stomach?
Why do not you love all my whole fat, huh?
You just care that you fall in love with a mare meter of breast Why do you find a woman who respects the ass?
Why can not they appreciate the hair on my ass too?
Hi
I hope you will not mind asking about this. We met in a niqab at Snoopy last week
Remember, I met a lot of people there. So do you mind asking me how I got my number?
I heard you give him to the dude you were learning with him
I gave him because he asked .. This is not a good thing sorry. I think I'm done here. -why not?
It's harmless though, but we can recognize each other
Sorry, but I do not even know who you are, and I am a little uneasy with this. It 's me Naomi
I did not say this earlier. Sorry. If you'll be there on Friday, right?
* The boy responds again as a boy and not a girl *
Jesus Christ I did not realize that girls were psychologically equal like boys
He really changed this. This changed my view on many things
Honestly hate online dating sites
When I ask a man how long he is and asked me how much I weigh. It is a sign of immaturity
Let me break this down. Every human being is different and we are all in unique shapes and sizes
But as long as you ask me what shape and size is unique
@ $% @ $ & @ $ @ ^
I also agree, of course, do not know how to read
Five US measurements six in China
You are still five in the United States This measurement is solid and looks the same all over the world
I weigh more than 200 lbs. Hey how much is this? Why do you know me if I carry my weight?
This is pretty impressive, but I carry my weight that it carries its weight
Like a damned queen but someone who is taller or shorter than me with the same weight will look different from me
So when I ask how long the man
I try to see at the simple basic level if I'm attracted to you
My digital scale will not change anything about me. I love how much she ...
She realizes she is aware of it
That's what I like about women. Really makes you think
Oh
Is this the original of this Mim, which continues to be published by everyone? Why can not I find someone like ..
🔉 🔊وااااااااااااااان 🔉 🔊
- Hey, no, but I'm literally the guy in the picture. He was the original man in the picture that's fun
This proves that women do not really want anyone. I am very happy in this relationship
I also put a tie in his bed pretending it is not for you because they blame another girl and start fighting
This Christ reminds me of that passage - he promised me that we would have two children and now he does not want more
My friend, I think I should deceive him and stop controlling my birth
what a hell
What do you think, Wendy? Yes, what do you think, Wendy?
I was embarrassed to say this because I do not like lying in marriage. However, men never had control over our bodies
We are controlling you will not suggest you do this
But look into my eyes
And do what I wish for him
I will not tell you to stop using contraception without telling your mother and Qumi
Imagine a child without the consent of the other person, but will I?
* Biodebay show filmed in front of a live cast of women *
Are you a nice girl so let me know because
I
I will take off the hat for you Leave the admiration as if you are a nice girl and leave it to you that you are a nice guy and
Leave it to you as if you were nice in general
Take off your hat as usual
good good. have a great day
A section of the ASS game